add docs (#17)
list-family/ansq: README.rst

  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/list-family/ansq
.. |Python| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ansq.svg
  :alt: Python

Written with native Asyncio NSQ package

Features
---------

- Full TCP wrapper
- One connection for writer and reader
- Self-healing: when the NSQ connection is lost, reconnects, sends identify
  and auth commands, subscribes to previous topic/channel
- Many helper-methods in each class

Release v1.0 Roadmap
--------------------

- [x] Docs
- [ ] Lookupd tool
- [ ] HTTP API wrapper
- [ ] Deflate, Snappy compressions
- [ ] TLSv1

Example 1: Consumer
-------------------

.. code-block:: python

    import asyncio
    from ansq import open_connection
    from ansq.tcp.connection import NSQConnection

    async def main(nsq: NSQConnection):
        await nsq.subscribe('test_topic', 'channel1', 2)
        while True:
            async for message in nsq.messages():
                print('Message: ' + str(message))
                # message.body is bytes,
                # __str__ method decodes bytes
                #
                # Something do with messages...
                # Then, mark as processed it
                await message.fin()

>             # If you doesn't break the loop
>             # and doesn't set auth_reconnect parameter to False,
>             # but you have reached this point,
>             # it's means that the NSQ connection is lost
>             # and cannot reconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # If you don't break the loop
            # and don't set auth_reconnect parameter to False,
            # but you have reached this point,
            # it means that the NSQ connection is lost
            # and cannot reconnect.
```
A few typos
